aigpk docs (#2100)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/faq.mdx

### Which providers work with AI Gateway API Keys?

> Currently **OpenAI** and **Anthropic** are supported with ngrok-managed keys. For other providers (Google, DeepSeek, etc.), [attach your own provider keys](/ai-gateway/guides/attaching-provider-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, OpenAI and Anthropic are supported with ngrok-managed keys. For other providers (such Google or DeepSeek), [attach your own provider keys](/ai-gateway/guides/attaching-provider-keys).
```
